-- This is a user manual, here to help you understand how the plugin works --

In this plugin there are 5 necessary values that you have to describe:
-> The first one is Raster layer. As the name says you have to choose
which of the Raster Layers you would like to process

-> After you have chosen your raster layer, you have to choose a module,
either you want to use Segmentation to see the segments of your image, Filter
to filter the image or Exposure to adjust the images values.

-> After you've chosen your module, the plugin will show the available
methods to process your Raster Layer

-> Based on the chosen method, the plugin will show a list of parameters
in the text field which you can edit. To change the parameters default value
you have to keep the parameters name and after the '=' add your desired
value (I.e. "sigma=10"), make sure that there are no spaces before and after '='.
Keep in mind that the text box on the right says what kind of data types the
method supports for each parameter, if you decide to change any default values.
If you do not want to change any values you can simply leave them as they are
or delete the whole string in the edit box. If the parameter name will not be
correct, the code will take its default value, it will only show errors if the
value types are not correct. If you are skipping parameters, write the values
you desire to change in the correct order(I.e. gaussian(sigma,cval), don't change
the values with "cval=10, sigma=10", rather do "sigma=10, cval=10".
** The image value does not have to be defined, since you already chose it
from the dropbox **

-> After you have decided what kind of parameters to use to process
your Raster Layer, click on the 3 dots and select where you wish to
save your processed image.

-> If you desire to import the processed image as soon as the process is complete
check the checkbox below output file to make that possible.

The code will run in the background when OK is pressed, so you will be able
to do something else if the process time is too long. If every data type
was correct when clicking OK the plugin will start to process your image,
if a data type was incorrect then the plugin should show an error message.
Some methods may take time to process your image, but that depends on how
large is chosen image.

Thank you for using this plugin!